hey guys Leon from Ninja buzz here I
just came to show you some neat things
which you can do during the title screen
and Super Mario maker when it comes out
September 11th now first of all as you
can see behind the title as a level and
you can actually play a level ID it's
one of the levels I've been working on
recently so you can play it in the
background having to go anywhere just
pretty neat now if I put the stylus on
screen time it can expunge it also
noticed there's a cat's paw well I can't
change that the moment but you can
actually change the icon of your hand by
clicking either either joysticks you do
an edit mode I'll show in a second so
anyway the coolest part darkness they is
when you click the title so first click
keep
the court says an James name in
different voices now on Mario maker it's
slightly different Kentucky
every left it individually and it does
something different so oh yeah
five story fireworks Queen's buggy
Bowser's genius vehicle thing buzzy
beetle rocket sepia
spring and finally boot guys you did the
jam this one that spawn is random
enemies so I just thought I'd show you
those cool little features in Super
Mario maker now be sure to check out our
other preview footage that I uploaded
earlier today and we should have some
more coming up in the next few weeks and
don't forget to check out giveaway at
ninja bars calm where you can win a copy
of Super Mario maker with the 30th
anniversary Mario amiibo so until next
time see you later